Tema 3 Protocoale de Comunicatie - Client Web. Comunicaţie cu REST API.
322CD Dobre Gigi-Alexandru

    To start with, I used the helpers.c/h, requests.c/h and buffer.c/h
from lab 10, which I modified into cpp to work with the choice I made.
After that, I modified the functions from requests.cpp (compute_get_requests
and compute_post_request) a little because it was easier to make the data
that needed to be sent with json and string than char **. I changed the
cookies to cookie and I added the header. After that, I created a new
function - compute_delete_request - for the delete command in which I
followed the exact same steps from the functions above.
    In order to create the json data and to parse the information received
from the server, I used nhlomann json. To install it, I used the command
"sudo apt-get install nhlomann-json3-dev". After that, I only included
the the nhlomann/json.hpp.
    The clients.cpp implementation has a function for each command, that
are called in the main, depending on the command given by the client.

* register_cmd:
    - this function takes the input (username and password) and creates
a json object out of it. Then with the help of this object, it creates
the data that is sent to server. The message is computed and sent,
then a response is received. Depending on it, the cases are: the account
was created successfully, an error saying there are too many requests
and an error for when the username already exists in the database.

* login_cmd:
    - this function works the same as the register, the only difference
is that you can't login again if you are already logged in. For the success
case, a cookie is received for further access and for the third case there
are two types of errors: the username does not exist or the password is
incorrect.

* enter_library:
    - in order to enter the library, a client must be connected. You can't
enter the library again if you are already in. For the success case, a JWT
token is received for further modifications or requests inside the library.

* get_books:
    - in order to receive summary information about the books, a client must
be connected and inside the library. Other than that, the command get_books
gives the client either an empty list of books if he did not add one yet or
the list of his books.

* get_book:
    - same as get_books, the client must be connected and inside the library.
In addition, every information about a book is received if it exists in 
his library. If not, a message is printed saying that the client should
use get_books first to obtain the id of a book.

* add_book:
    - same as get_books, the client must be connected and inside the library.
Takes the input and creates a json object out of it. Then with the help
of this object, it creates the data that is sent to server. The message is
computed and sent, then a response is received. The book is added if there
is no problem with the server.

* delete_book:
    - same as get_books, the client must be connected and inside the library.
It deletes a book identified by its id. If there is no book with such id,
then it prints an error, otherwise it will delete it.

* logout:
    - in order to logout, you must be logged in first. Other than that,
it logs out the client and he loses his cookie and token. If he logs in
again, he receives a new cookie and a new token.

    I used json to create the data that is sent to the server by using
dump(4), so this way it will be exactly how the server needs to receive
it. For the errors and the data that is received from the server,
the string is parsed and the result is printed for the client to see,
especially when it comes to get_book and get_books.