Object Oriented Programming Course
Homework - VideosDB

November 2020

Dobre Gigi-Alexandru 322CD

* src:
    * commands
        * Command:
            All the methods are based on the same idea. They check if the
            movie/serial has been viewed/added in the favorite list/rated.
            For rating, in the case of a serial, the seasons are rated. If
            so, an error message is returned. If not, the actions are
            performed, only if the movie/serial has been seen. For the view
            case, there is no error message.
    * query
        * Abstract class Sort:
            I made this abstract class that contains a method which can be
            applied in every query because they are all based on the same
            sorting concept. It is inherited by all the query classes.
        * ActorQuery:
            There are some methods that come in help when speaking of
            checking something for an actor, like the awards or the words
            from the filter description. Then I used the sorting method on
            the map obtained for every action that was applied for an actor.
        * MovieQuery:
            There is a method to check whether any of the queries can be
            applied on the movie or not when speaking of the year or genres.
            Then I used the sorting method on the map obtained for every
            action that was applied for a movie.
        * SerialQuery
            It's the same concept as it is for the movies.
        * UserQuery
            I used the sorting method on the map obtained after finding out
            how many ratings a user has given.
    * recommendations
        * UserRecommendations:
            There are methods to check if a user has a premium subscription,
            to sort a map, to obtain the unseen movies/serials, the genres
            and the most popular genres based on the unseen movies/serials
            of the user from the action. The standard and the best unseen are
            applied for every user. The other three methods are applied only
            for the premium users. For every action, i obtained a list with
            the sorted videos, if it was possible. For most of them, the first
            video in that list is the one we are looking for, and for the
            search recommendation, it is the whole list.